After losing
You want to sell your gorgeous shares to the public for 1 yuan
OK, promise.
Is this kid crazy?
Gorgeous is worth tens of millions anyway
Isn't this nonsense?
I don't agree with that.
Breeze, can you think before you speak?
Gorgeous, you dare to agree to the hospital community's shot
He was my blood for many years
You rubbish
What qualifications do you have to agree to this condition?
Gorgeous is my mother's hard work
You can't make decisions for mom
Hahahaha
You did me a great favor, kid
Ladies and gentlemen
Colleagues
You heard it.
This is what he personally agreed to
You have to testify to me
He is Duan Mengxue's husband
What he said has the effect of law
Hu Tianyi, stop talking nonsense
Quickly state your third condition
The third condition
It's simple. If Gorgeous loses
Public announcement required
It is said that China is inferior to the technology of island countries
Chinese people are also the sick man of East Asia in terms of technology
Did you say that?
Yeah, that's way too much.
Guo Tianyi despised it
Don't involve others
Tianyi, you insult your country so much.
Are you still from this country?
Is it important for the people of the country?
You always care about these illusory things
Can you eat these things for dinner?
Can you spend it as money?
The emperor is right
Say
China's technology is not as good as that of island countries
What the emperor said is not wrong
Just because you don't say it doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
Is it fun to bury your head in the soil and be an ostrich?
Envelope 10 million we can afford to lose
Gorgeous, we can also afford to lose
But you must not agree to this request.
Otherwise we'll get a divorce now
This is about the face of Huakong Technology
We absolutely can't promise
I can lose now
But there is definitely a chance in the future to surpass the island countries
If stinky dad dares to agree
I don't recognize you as a father
You dad
Yaoyao, don't worry.
Never lose
I can understand how you feel.
But I can assure you
We will never lose
Our country has a history of thousands of years
It will never be weaker than any other country in the world
Stop talking nonsense, just say whether you agree or not.
promise